Add requirements for container images to run with Nextflow (#3586)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/container.rst

executed with any of the supported container runtimes, depending on which runtimes are available
in the target compute environment.

.. note::
  When creating your container image to use with Nextflow make sure it includes Bash (3.x or later) and ``ps`` are installed in your

>   image, along with other tools required for collecting metrics (See the list :ref:`here <trace-required-packages>`). Also, Bash should be available on the `/bin/bash` path, it should be the container entry-point. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  image, along with other tools required for collecting metrics (See the list :ref:`here <trace-required-packages>`). Also, Bash should be available on the path `/bin/bash` and it should be the container entry-point. 
```

executed with any of the supported container runtimes, depending on which runtimes are available
in the target compute environment.

.. note::

>   When creating your container image to use with Nextflow, be aware that Nextflow runs a background
>   process for each job in the target environment. Make sure ``bash`` and ``ps`` are installed in your
>   image, along with other tools required for collecting metrics (See the list :ref:`here <trace-required-packages>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When creating your container image to use with Nextflow make sure it includes Bash (3.x or later) and ``ps`` are installed in your
  image, along with other tools required for collecting metrics (See the list :ref:`here <trace-required-packages>`). Also, Bash should be available on the `/bin/bash` path, it should be the container entry-point. 
```
